I'm is a coma and I love to ride
scooters no I'm sarcoma an estimate by
check all right start from the top right
way down vocal local XL bars with our
animal admin grips the bars coming 8.75
rise and 29 rise but I can't done 28 I
calling the official staff where I'd
known for fired Butterbean Forks right
front well proflow many on the front
with alienation Skylark rim profile race
and cranks with all the scene twisted
petals in orange and some random bottom
bracket I have a miracle sprocket 2018
like I'm doing a world and manually
right right back well got profile black
sheep see a sea by up my dinner federal
fancy for this pip rip destroyed I have
a salt little post
sir Ivan I'm modest en su livre the with
the cables come with it a normal vehicle
gyro plate and the under detangler I
have some snafu von cables I come so my
god two different cable car because
avoid like to be called and some
exposure calipers I run a twenty eight
nine it's a faster gear if I ride along
runs my chain is a shadowkhan chain
quite unchanged by a lot holds it up
quite well the main part my bike
favorite book my flight is the merit a
black pearl framing free love this color
such a sick color haven't had this bike
for ages but it's a short frame